Welcome present, girls, to this lecture.
In this lecture, we're going to learn about A.W. Kelly.
So first things first.
What is the WCI and why do we need it?
We learned a lot of Linux commands.
Was that not enough?
No, because all the Linux commands you can manipulate with the Linux objects such as a file folder
as well as you can call an external URL.
But what if you want to manipulate some Amazon resources, such as you want to list the S3 buckets in
a Amazon account, or you want to create a new S3 bucket?
What if you want to create a s lambda or you want to provision a new Amazon X cluster so traditional
Linux commands cannot interact with the set of resources.
So that's why it usually comes into play.
So a clear command line interface is a unified tool to manage your services.
So you run these commands in command line, and more importantly, you can run these commands inside
DevOps scripts.
And this commands starts with a W.
S for example, if you want to list the S3 buckets in your account, you will run a w s as three ls.
So think for it for a minute.
So let's say you want to provision a x cluster.
How can you do that?
Well, you can run a w s c a command from the command line, a w s x create cluster, etc..
And since you can run these commands from dev scripts, because at the end of the day DevOps scripts
can be run using in a Linux box from the DevOps tools.
We will do all this in a hands on in a letter chapters.
You can use this s CLI commands to provision, manipulate or list any three sources.
That's why it obviously is very important and it is very critical by default.
This is not part of your Linux operating system because this is created by S and provided by a w s.
So you need to install a W SLA if not preinstalled in some of the tools CLI is already preinstalled.
So let's go over a couple of examples.
So where you can run this SLA, you can install a SLI in local ID such as Visual Studio code, you can
run a W SLA in cloud nine.
So Cloud nine terminal automatically comes with a SLA installed, so you don't need to install it.
The new option is a w.
S which is very convenient is at s cloud shell.
So we also have a w SLA installed in a W cloud shell.
And again, you can run this SLA command from any DevOps tool with that SLA installed.
So expanding a little bit on running a double SLA from DevOps tool.
So when you run SQL commands in your local IDE Visual Studio code, in this diagram you have to set
up a s IAM user and you have to get the secret key and secret access key.
And then you need to configure this local ID to connect to your account.
So in this case, it obviously is using your IAM credentials, but let's say you are running your SLA
commands from your DevOps tool such as Jenkins.
The Jenkins is running inside an Amazon EC2 and there is the IAM role attached to the EC2.
So when you run a sales command from this Jenkins using Jenkins file, it is going to use the AC to
role attach to the Amazon ESI two and SLA must be installed on this Amazon ESI two so that Jenkins can
use that.
Don't worry, we are going to go over a bunch of real world examples using Jenkins and obviously down
the line.
So let's say you want to list the S3 buckets using S3 three LS from the Jenkins file.
This role, the IAM role attached to the AC two should have the S3 access policy attached to it.
All right.
And app theory.
Lets see these SLA commands in action.
All right, guys and girls join me in the next lecture.